Update Visuals Getting Started (#201)
bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs: docs/getting-started/create-an-account.md

/>

4. Enter the new member's email and define their role.

    :::info Teams
    You can create teams and assign members to it.
    
    Use teams to group members, making it easier when listing them on the list page.
    ::::

    :::info Role Member

>      When you assign the role Member to a new account, the owner can only access information related to the Environment you choose. These users are unable to create or update organization settings, projects, environments, API keys, or members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     When you assign the role Member to a new account, the user can only access the Environment you choose. These users are unable to create or update organization settings, projects, environments, API keys, or members.
```
